# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [unreleased]

### CLEANUP

- Remove separator when printing Date and Attribute.

### FEAT

- Include the ability to print the date and symbolic permission.
- This commit includes the option to print a relative path instead of a filename on the tree branch.
- Make it possible to print the primary stem's attributes and dates.
- Add functionality to compute entry size.
- Add the ability to calculate the size of each entry and print it directly after the print entry, rather than accumulating all entries's sizes and printing them in report.
- Add option to print the entry's accessed time, birth time, and modification time.
- Implement level flag and meta flag.
- Add the flag --filesfirst to print entries in file-first order
- Add README
- First attempt to implement symlink
- Add Symlink Counter to Tail and Improve Symlink Handling

### FIX

- Resolved the issue of inaccurate gigabyte size printing in reports and adjusted the sequence to display entry sizes before printing branches.
- Address the clippy warning and use fully qualified syntax for method calls.
- Fix the color state when using -m and -C, which are still producing color size
- Fix relative path output did not work for directories in colorless state when user provided -m -F -f -C
- Fix size output did not display and reformat node iterator
- This is a major refactoring in which we fix relative paths that did not print output color and aggressively simplify code logic
- Calculate entries len before for loop and renaming variable
- Fix attempt to subtract with overflow and renaming variables
- Fix grammar when printing summaries based on count
- Remove unused rust file and simplify code logic
- Fix 0.001 should have singular gigabyte and simplify codebase

### Feat

- Adding more report summary

### Fix

- Fix clippy warning
- Fix clippy warning
- Fix level arg didn't works

### REAFCTOR

- Add new crate

### REFACTOR

- Modify the entry and header to use the same attribute methods instead of separate methods.
- Use methods instead of global functions when invoking dates and permissions for performance reasons.
- Decouple all imports.
- Simplify code logic and add sort_by_file_first
- Move funtions to print entry's metadata into Visitor struct
- Move the snippet that checks depth to another function
- Simplify the sort snippet logic
- Simplify code logic
- Implement default trait to Tail
- Implement default trait for structs
- Implement trait and simplify code logic
- Refactor folder path
- Refactor codebase
- Simplify codebase
- Improve Symlink implementation
- Simplify codebase
- Renaming variables
- Simplify codebase and prepare to enhance summary report
- TODO
- Simplify codebase

### REFORMAT

- After the if-else statement, immediately accumulate the file type of the entry.
- Add comments and remove unnecessary snippets

### REMOVE

- Remove the separator when printing the entry's size, and explain how to pad the size output.

### Refactor

- Create Error folder and update main, delete uncessary comment
- This commit includes error handling and other code improvements.
- Refactoring and adding ability to specify target path.
- Make the target path parsing functional.
- Simplify codebase
- Simplify codebase
- Simplify codebase, remove redundancies
- Simplify codebase
- Simplify codebase
- Update Cargo.toml
- Update Cargo.toml
- Update Cargo.toml
- Update Cargo.toml
- Change trctxt to tr

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
